Update ios_17.md (#6150)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/ios_17.md

> Curious about how Braze is preparing for the upcoming iOS release? This article summarizes our insights into the iOS 17 release to help you create a seamless experience for you and your users.

## iOS 17 & XCode 15 Compatibility

> Xcode 15 is backwards compatible with both our Swift SDK and Objective-C SDKs. Both our Swift SDK and Objective-C SDKs are compatible with iOS 17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Braze Swift SDK and Objective-C SDK are both backward compatible with Xcode 14 and Xcode 15, and compatible with iOS 17 devices.
```
